# CS-465
CS-465 Full Stack Development with MEAN

In developing this full stack web application for Travlr Getaways, which is a travel booking website, I learned so much. I adopted the MEAN stack for development strategy, which included utilizing the essential full stack tools MongoDB, Express, Angular, and Node.js. The front-end website, which the user interacts with, was built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I also applied single-page application, or SPA, in order to create the more dynamic webpage for the user, as opposed to the more static HTML.  

Throughout the process I was constantly checking and re-checking my code, and refactoring whenever errors presented. Some simple examples include a lot of random syntax discrepancies that I did my best to remedy. Something that was of great benefit to the building process, as a newcomer especially, is the reusable user interface components. These help to cut down on time and allow the developer to reapply parts that have already been coded.

Utilizing methods for request and retrieval, it was important to try and implement API testing of the endpoints during the build. This helps to ensure the project is performing as it should, before releasing to our client. It can also zero in on issues within the build, pointing the developer in the right direction to revise or make changes. The process of testing to make sure the SPA is working with the API to GET and PUT data in the database involves utilizing an application called postman. Within postman, we output a log message of the console to display in the browser. In this way we can show that we’ve successfully taken the SPA frontend and wired it to the backend API.

This course has really provided me with so much new material and knowledge. As a newcomer, I am impressed with my ability to build what I did. I have learned a lot of new skills to apply while I move forward in my computer science career. I have furthered my understanding and grasp on coding in general, as well as my understanding of the various parts involved with full-stack development. At the very least, this build has shown me how much I can learn and apply with some guidance, which seems like a very marketable trait for future employers. 
